So as we have it now, the Jet Note app is working great so it can add items and save them.
They are all being saved.
We can click and we can also click.
We can delete those items so everything is good.
However, we're not able to persist this data, these notes into a database or somewhere.
So that is something that we need to do.
Next, we are going to be putting together the infrastructure needed to be able to persist data to save
this data.
OK, because now we just have, you know, cache memory here.
And that's not scalable.
That's not what we want, want to be able to actually have an app that when we get out of this app,
come back.
Next time, we'll have persisted the data we've entered.
So this will take us to a different realm of development, which is databases.
Let's go ahead and take a look at how can we persist or save data in Android?